What should the following JS yield?

    n = 1
    /1*"\/\//.test(n + '"//')

Should it be `true`? (It is `NaN`.)

Using semicolons, on the other hand, makes it behave like you'd expect:

    n = 1;
    /1*"\/\//.test(n + '"//');

(Returns `true`.)

The fun around this WTFJS comes from trying to understand how this should be
parsed, so please have fun experimenting with the snippet of code.

When you're done understanding the different levels on which it plays, read on.

The trick revolves around the different cases in which the slash character has
meaning. There are three cases: comments, regular expressions, and division,
all of which are meant to be on display here.

In the first, semicolon-free snippet, the first slash on the second line is a
division. We divide 1 by 1, multiply it by a long string, and after that there
is a comment.

In the second snippet, with semicolons, the second line is a regex, tested
against the global variable in the first line, transmuted to a string via
concatenation.

An interesting variation that shows what happens more clearly is the following:

    n = 1
    /1?":n\/\//.test(n + '":n//')

That returns `":n///.test(n + '"`. It gives the trick away.
(It uses the ternary operator `?:`, if you're wondering.)

Obviously, if you really want your friends to have a headache, give them this
version:

    n = 0
    /0?":n\/\//.test(n + '":n//')

That returns `undefined`, which is even more obscure than the `NaN` that we got
in the first snippet.
Yes, `0/0` is `NaN`, which is falsy.

— [@espadrine](http://espadrine.github.com/).
